README.md, before:

# JDime  -  Structured Merge with Auto-Tuning
## System Requirements:
* gradle (http://www.gradle.org/)
* git (http://git-scm.com/)
* glpk (http://www.gnu.org/software/glpk/)
* gplk-java (http://glpk-java.sourceforge.net/)

__Debian/Ubuntu:__  
`apt-get install git glpk libglpk-java`

__Redhat/Fedora:__  
`yum install git glpk`  
glpk-java has to be installed manually

__Suse/OpenSuse:__  
`zypper install git glpk`  
glpk-java has to be installed manually  

__Windows:__  
Precompiled binaries (including the required .dll files for glpk and glpk-java) can be found at
(http://sourceforge.net/projects/winglpk/)

#### Installation:
Use `gradle -Pglpk=PATH -PglpkJava=PATH installApp` providing the paths to the `glpk_X_XX` and `glpk_X_XX_java` 
native libraries appropriate for your platform. `X_XX` refers to the version of glpk, currently __version 4.55__ is required.  

After running the command given above the directory `build/install/JDime/bin` will contain Unix and Windows scripts
that you can use to start the application.

#### Usage:
The input versions are passed to JDime as command line arguments. To perform a three-way merge, JDime is invoked as follows: 
`JDime -mode [unstructured|structured|autotuning] -output [directory] <leftVersion> <baseVersion> <rightVersion>`

Commit message:

Adjusted license texts and copyright notes.

README.md, after:

# JDime  -  Structured Merge with Auto-Tuning
## Tools Used:
JDime uses these tools/libraries:

* JastAddJ (https://bitbucket.org/jastadd/jastaddj)
> Commit [c0017e0](https://bitbucket.org/jastadd/jastaddj/src/c0017e0)
> Copyright (c) 2005-2008, Torbj&ouml;rn Ekman
> Copyright (c) 2005-2013, JastAddJ Committers
> JastAddJ is covered by the Modified BSD License.
> The full license text is distributed with this software.
> See the file licenses/JastAddJ-BSD.

The changes that were made to JastAddJ are shipped with this software
and covered by the Modified BSD License.
See patches/JastAddJ.patch for the changes,
and patches/LICENSE for the license text.

## System Requirements:
* gradle (http://www.gradle.org/)
* git (http://git-scm.com/)
* glpk (http://www.gnu.org/software/glpk/)
* gplk-java (http://glpk-java.sourceforge.net/)

__Debian/Ubuntu:__  
`apt-get install git glpk libglpk-java`

__Redhat/Fedora:__  
`yum install git glpk`  
glpk-java has to be installed manually

__Suse/OpenSuse:__  
`zypper install git glpk`  
glpk-java has to be installed manually  

__Windows:__  
Precompiled binaries (including the required .dll files for glpk and glpk-java) can be found at
(http://sourceforge.net/projects/winglpk/)

#### Installation:
Use `gradle -Pglpk=PATH -PglpkJava=PATH installApp` providing the paths to the `glpk_X_XX` and `glpk_X_XX_java` 
native libraries appropriate for your platform. `X_XX` refers to the version of glpk, currently __version 4.55__ is required.  

After running the command given above the directory `build/install/JDime/bin` will contain Unix and Windows scripts
that you can use to start the application.

## Usage:
The input versions are passed to JDime as command line arguments. To perform a three-way merge, JDime is invoked as follows: 

`JDime -mode [unstructured|structured|autotuning] -output [directory] <leftVersion> <baseVersion> <rightVersion>`
